README.md, before:

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <img src="./docs/assets/readme-banner.webp" alt="Spore SDK">
</p>

<h1 align="center">
  Spore SDK
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>
    「The Ultimate TypeScript SDK for Spore Protocol」
  </b>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@spore-sdk/core">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=21262d&colorB=21262d&style=flat">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=f6f8fa&colorB=f6f8fa&style=flat" alt="Version">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-sdk/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=21262d&colorB=21262d&style=flat">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=f6f8fa&colorB=f6f8fa&style=flat" alt="MIT License">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@spore-sdk/core">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=21262d&colorB=21262d&style=flat">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=f6f8fa&colorB=f6f8fa&style=flat" alt="Downloads per month">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  Spore SDK is a comprehensive web development kit specifically designed for seamless integration with <a href="https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-contract">Spore</a>, an on-chain asset protocol to power digital asset ownership, distribution, and value capture, built on top of <a href="https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb">CKB</a>.
</p>

<p align="center">
  With Spore SDK, developers gain access to powerful tools and resources that enable them to effortlessly create spore-related dapps, fully leveraging the immense potential of Spore Protocol.
</p>

## Features

- ⚡ Composed APIs for efficient spores/clusters interactions with minimal time overhead
- 🧩 Joint APIs for building advanced transactions as a fun block-building process
- 🛠️ Utilities for encoding/decoding data of spores/clusters
- 🎹 Fully written in TypeScript


## Documentation

Full documentation and instructions, visit: [Spore Docs](https://docs.spore.pro).


## Getting started

### Installation

Go through the recipe [Start using Spore SDK](./docs/core/setup.md) for installation.

### Running in Node.js

- Follow the tutorial to learn about spore creation: [Create your first Spore](https://docs.spore.pro/tutorials/create-first-spore)
- Refer to specific code snippets: [Spore Examples](./docs/resources/examples.md)

### Running in browsers

- Follow the tutorial to build a dapp from scratch: [Create simple on-chain blog](https://docs.spore.pro/tutorials/create-on-chain-blog)
- Explore all featured dapp demos: [Spore Demos](./docs/resources/demos.md)


## Development

### Toolchain & utilities

- [@spore-sdk/core](./packages/core) - Provides essential tools for constructing basic and advanced transactions on spores and clusters. Additionally, it offers convenient utilities for handling [serialization](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/molecule) of spores/clusters

### Reference

- [Examples](./docs/resources/examples.md) - Code block examples for implementing basic and specific features

- [Demos](./docs/resources/demos.md) - Demo applications with full functionality, including seamless integration with wallets


### API

- [Composed APIs](./docs/core/composed-apis.md) - APIs for efficient spores/clusters interactions with minimal time overhead

- [Joint APIs (WIP)](./docs/core/joint-apis.md) - APIs for building advanced transactions as a fun block-building process
 
 
## Community

Chat everything about Spore here:

- Join our discord channel: [HaCKBee](https://discord.gg/9eufnpZZ8P)
- Contact via email: [contact@spore.pro](mailto:contact@spore.pro)

## Contributing

To submit pull requests, make sure:

- Please submit pull requests based on the `beta` branch
- Please ensure your commit styling won't conflict with the [existing commits](https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-sdk/commits)
- Please provide a clear and descriptive title and description for your pull requests

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE) License

Commit message:

docs(sdk): add utilities doc

README.md, after:

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <img src="./docs/assets/readme-banner.webp" alt="Spore SDK">
</p>

<h1 align="center">
  Spore SDK
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>
    「The Ultimate TypeScript SDK for Spore Protocol」
  </b>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@spore-sdk/core">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=21262d&colorB=21262d&style=flat">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=f6f8fa&colorB=f6f8fa&style=flat" alt="Version">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-sdk/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=21262d&colorB=21262d&style=flat">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=f6f8fa&colorB=f6f8fa&style=flat" alt="MIT License">
    </picture>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/@spore-sdk/core">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=21262d&colorB=21262d&style=flat">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/@spore-sdk/core?colorA=f6f8fa&colorB=f6f8fa&style=flat" alt="Downloads per month">
    </picture>
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  Spore SDK is a comprehensive web development kit specifically designed for seamless integration with <a href="https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-contract">Spore</a>, an on-chain asset protocol to power digital asset ownership, distribution, and value capture, built on top of <a href="https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb">CKB</a>.
</p>

<p align="center">
  With Spore SDK, developers gain access to powerful tools and resources that enable them to effortlessly create spore-related dapps, fully leveraging the immense potential of Spore Protocol.
</p>

## Features

- ⚡ Composed APIs for efficient spores/clusters interactions with minimal time overhead
- 🧩 Joint APIs for building advanced transactions as a fun block-building process
- 🛠️ Utilities for encoding/decoding data of spores/clusters
- 🎹 Fully written in TypeScript


## Documentation

Full documentation and instructions, visit: [Spore Docs](https://docs.spore.pro).


## Getting started

### Installation

Go through the recipe [Start using Spore SDK](./docs/core/setup.md) for installation.

### Running in Node.js

- Follow the tutorial to learn about spore creation: [Create your first Spore](https://docs.spore.pro/tutorials/create-first-spore)
- Refer to specific code snippets: [Spore Examples](./docs/resources/examples.md)

### Running in browsers

- Follow the tutorial to build a dapp from scratch: [Create simple on-chain blog](https://docs.spore.pro/tutorials/create-on-chain-blog)
- Explore all featured dapp demos: [Spore Demos](./docs/resources/demos.md)


## Development

### Toolchain & utilities

- [@spore-sdk/core](./packages/core) - Provides essential tools for constructing basic and advanced transactions on spores and clusters. Additionally, it offers convenient utilities for handling [serialization](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/molecule) of spores/clusters

### Reference

- [Examples](./docs/resources/examples.md) - Code block examples for implementing basic and specific features

- [Demos](./docs/resources/demos.md) - Demo applications with full functionality, including seamless integration with wallets


### API

- [Composed APIs](./docs/core/composed-apis.md) - Efficient APIs to build Spore transactions with minimal time overhead
  
- [Utilities](./docs/core/utilities.md) - Handy helper functions to save developers' time and effort 
 
 
## Community

Chat everything about Spore here:

- Join our discord channel: [HaCKBee](https://discord.gg/9eufnpZZ8P)
- Contact via email: [contact@spore.pro](mailto:contact@spore.pro)

## Contributing

To submit pull requests, make sure:

- Please submit pull requests based on the `beta` branch
- Please ensure your commit styling won't conflict with the [existing commits](https://github.com/sporeprotocol/spore-sdk/commits)
- Please provide a clear and descriptive title and description for your pull requests

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE) License
